DOCS-1173, 1143: Add FusionAuth CLI commands (#2969)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/cli.md

viam whoami
```

### `auth-app`

> The `auth-app` command allows you to register and update your mobile or web app (created with the Viam Flutter or TypeScript [SDKs](/sdks/)) with [FusionAuth](https://fusionauth.io/) (the tool Viam uses for authentication and authorization) so that you or other users can log into your app with the same credentials they use to log into the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auth-app` command allows you to register and update your web or mobile application (created with the Viam Flutter or TypeScript [SDKs](/sdks/)) with [FusionAuth](https://fusionauth.io/) (the tool Viam uses for authentication and authorization) so that you or other users can log into your app with the same credentials they use to log into the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).
```
This would probably stop linter from complaining

Author: Ooh clever! :D

> The `auth-app` command allows you to register and update your mobile or web app (created with the Viam Flutter or TypeScript [SDKs](/sdks/)) with [FusionAuth](https://fusionauth.io/) (the tool Viam uses for authentication and authorization) so that you or other users can log into your app with the same credentials they use to log into the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

Reviewer: Does this mean "you or other users in your org"? Might be nice to specify that if so + update next sentence so that it can be easily understand what input creds (--org-id ?) translate to user permissions 

(if I'm confused, maybe it's just me but could also update for that confusion)

Author: No, it doesn't mean that. What this is meant to convey is that whatever perms you have when you log into app.viam.com, you have those exact same perms to orgs, locations and machines when you log into anywhere else (such as a mobile app) through the same FusionAuth login system. My understanding is that the org ID parameter is just to say which org the app belongs to, but someone from a different org could log in.

Author: @sguequierre This got buried because I updated it with one of your other suggestions but I didn't mean to resolve it if you have more thoughts!

The user's credentials allow them the same [permissions](/fleet/rbac/) to organizations, locations, and machines that they have in the Viam app.

Examples:

> ```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"  data-output="2-8,10-14"}
```

viam auth-app register --org-id=z1234567-1a23-45a6-a11b-abcdefg1234 --application-name="julias app" --origin-uris="https://test.com","https://test2.com" --redirect-uris="https://redirect-url.com" --logout-uri="https://logout.com"
Info: Successfully registered auth application
{
  "application_id": "1234a1z9-ab2c-1234-5678-bcd12345678a",
  "application_name": "julias app",
  "secret": "supersupersecretsecret"
}

viam auth-app update --org-id=z1234567-1a23-45a6-a11b-abcdefg1234 --application-id=1234a1z9-ab2c-1234-5678-bcd12345678a --redirect-uris="https://test.com","https://test2.com"
Info: Successfully updated auth application
{
  "application_id": "1234a1z9-ab2c-1234-5678-bcd12345678a",
  "application_name": "julias app"
}
```

{{% alert title="Caution" color="caution" %}}
Do not share the secret returned by `auth-app register` publicly.
Sharing this information could compromise your system security by allowing unauthorized access to your machines, or to the computer running your machine.
{{% /alert %}}

#### Command options

| Command option | Description                             |
| -------------- | --------------------------------------- |

> | `register`     | Register an application with FusionAuth |

Author: ```suggestion
| `register`     | Register an [application](https://fusionauth.io/docs/get-started/core-concepts/applications) with FusionAuth |
```

| `update`       | Update your application                 |

##### Named arguments: `register`

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Argument             | Description                                                       | Inclusion    |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| `--org-id`           | The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} ID to with which to associate this app | **Required** |

> | `--application-name` | A name of your choosing for your application                      | **Required** |

Reviewer: (opt)
```suggestion
| `--application-name` | The name of your application                      | **Required** |
```
or something like `Your name for your application` -- just think a little awkward sounding

Author: I want to make it clear that this is just an arbitrary identifier. Is this any better?
```suggestion
| `--application-name` | A name (of your choice) to identify your application | **Required** |
```

Reviewer 2: I assume you might be able to register Oauth for multiple applications and you'd want to be able to differentiate. So maybe "The name of your application which will be used to identify the application". Pending Clint's input

Reviewer 2: Actually we don't need to wait on Clint here, you can see where it is used in the update command and you've explained there that it's needed to identify the app. 

```suggestion
| `--application-name` | The name of your application which is used to identify the application | **Required** |
```

Author: He said the other day that app name is arbitrary, so idk *where* it's used to identify the application

Reviewer 2: I think saying it's used to identify the application is enough. However, @ohEmily might also know whether it's used in FusionAuth or on our side of things

Reviewer 3: it is passed along to FusionAuth, yes. FusionAuth's string is: "The name of the Application. This value is for display purposes only and can be changed at any time." ([docs](https://fusionauth.io/docs/get-started/core-concepts/applications)) in case that's helpful!

Reviewer 2: Thank you @ohEmily ! - @JessamyT feel free to link to the fusionauth docs

Author: ```suggestion
| `--application-name` | A display name (of your choice) for your application. | **Required** |
```

| `--origin-uris`      | All URIs from which valid logins to FusionAuth can originate from | **Required** |
| `--redirect-uris`    | URIs to which FusionAuth will redirect the user upon login        | **Required** |
| `--logout-uri`       | URI of page to show user upon logout                              | **Required** |

##### Named arguments: `update`

> 

Author: Is this helpful or overkill?
```suggestion

The `org-id` and `application-id`  must match the values from when the app was registered.
The other arguments can be changed; to change the value of an argument, pass the argument to this command with the new value.

```

Reviewer 3: to me `The other arguments can be changed; to change the value of an argument, pass the argument to this command with the new value.` does feel like overkill. I might use the word 'immutable' to describe the first 2, e.g.

```
The `org-id` and `application-id` are immutable; they cannot be updated after the application is registered.
```

Author: ```suggestion

The `org-id` and `application-id` are immutable; they cannot be updated after the application is registered.

```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Argument             | Description                                  | Inclusion    |
| -------------------- | -------------------------------------------- | ------------ |

> | `--org-id`           | The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} ID to with which to associate this app | **Required** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--org-id`           | The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} ID to associate this app with | **Required** |
```
original `to with which to` is confusing imo, if this isn't accurate feel free to shorten however

Author: Oops there was an extra "to" in there. Here, grammatically corrected
```suggestion
| `--org-id`           | The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} ID with which to associate this app | **Required** |
```

> | `--org-id`           | The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} ID with which to associate this app | **Required** |

Reviewer 2: I think the description here is wrong. Unless we can change the org this is associated with?

Author: Oh maybe I'm confused about this then. @ohEmily?

Author: Oooh you're saying it's right for the register command, but it'd be this for the update command?
```suggestion
| `--org-id`           | The {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="organization" text="organization" >}} ID with which this app is associated | **Required** |
```

Reviewer 3: yes I think your change is correct!

> | `--application-id`   | The identifier of your application, as returned when you registered the application. | **Required** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--application-id`   | The identifier of your application, as returned when you registered the application | **Required** |
```
keep periods consistent

Reviewer: could also do 
```suggestion
| `--application-id`   | The identifier of your application returned when you registered the application | **Required** |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| `--application-id`   | The identifier of your application, returned when you registered the application | **Required** |
```

> | `--application-id`   | The identifier of your application, returned when you registered the application | **Required** |

Author: ```suggestion
| `--application-id`   | The identifier of your application, returned when you registered the application (cannot be changed) | **Required** |
```

> | `--application-name` | A name of your choosing for your application | Optional |

Reviewer: same as above re. choosing phrasing but (opt)

Author: ```suggestion
| `--application-name` | A name (of your choice) to identify your application | Optional |
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--application-name` | The name of your application which is used to identify the application | Optional |
```

Author: ```suggestion
| `--application-name` | A display name (of your choice) for your application. | Optional |
```

> | `--origin-uris`      | All URIs from which valid logins to FusionAuth can originate from | Optional |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `--origin-uris`      | All URIs from which valid logins to FusionAuth can originate | Optional |
```

viam whoami
```

### `auth-app`

The `auth-app` command allows you to register and update your web or mobile application (created with the Viam Flutter or TypeScript [SDKs](/sdks/)) with [FusionAuth](https://fusionauth.io/) (the tool Viam uses for authentication and authorization) so that you or other users can log into your app with the same credentials they use to log into the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com).

> The user's credentials allow them the same [permissions](/fleet/rbac/) to organizations, locations, and machines that they have in the Viam app.

Author: ```suggestion
The user's credentials allow them the same [permissions](/cloud/rbac/) to organizations, locations, and machines that they have in the Viam app.
```
